Update landing page (#22)
JuBiotech/peak-performance: README.md

[![documentation](https://readthedocs.org/projects/peak-performance/badge/?version=latest)](https://peak-performance.readthedocs.io/en/latest)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/713469041.svg)](https://zenodo.org/doi/10.5281/zenodo.10255543)

# About PeakPerformance

> PeakPerformance employs Bayesian modelling for chromatographic peak data fitting. This has the innate advantage of providing uncertainty quantification while jointly estimating all peak parameters united in a single peak model. As Markoc Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) methods are utilized to infer the posterior probability distribution, convergence checks and the aformentioned uncertainty quantification are applied as novel quality metrics for a robust peak recognition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PeakPerformance employs Bayesian modeling for chromatographic peak data fitting.
This has the innate advantage of providing uncertainty quantification while jointly estimating all peak parameters united in a single peak model.
As Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) methods are utilized to infer the posterior probability distribution, convergence checks and the aformentioned uncertainty quantification are applied as novel quality metrics for a robust peak recognition.
```
